README.md, before:

# list-of-WPRDC-relevant-tools-and-analyses
List of WPRDC-relevant tools and data analyses. 

## Tools
- [WPRDC Property Dashboard](http://tools.wprdc.org/property-dashboard/) - The Regional Data Center's Property Dashboard integrates data from multiple data sources and provides it all in one place. We're happy to announce that the beta version of the tool is now live, and we built it in-house. 
- [WPRDC's Parcels n'at](http://tools.wprdc.org/parcels-n-at/) - Parcels n'at allows you to pull a variety of data by neighborhood, municipality, or even for a user-defined area using some of the embedded drawing tools. 

## Data analyses

### 311 Data
- [conorotompkins/pittsburgh_311](https://github.com/conorotompkins/pittsburgh_311) - Conor Tompkins' R-based analaysis of [Pittsburgh's 311 data](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/311-data).
### Fatal Accidental Overdoses Data
- [conorotompkins/allegheny_overdoses](https://github.com/conorotompkins/allegheny_overdoses) - Conor Tompkins' R-based analaysis of the [County Fatal Accidental Overdoses data](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/allegheny-county-fatal-accidental-overdoses).
### Crime Data
- [conorotompkins/pgh-crime](https://github.com/conorotompkins/pgh-crime) - Conor Tompkins' R-based analysis of [https://data.wprdc.org/dataset?q=crime&sort=views_recent+desc](Pittsburgh crime data).

## Other data sources

### Tools
- [ljwolf/cenpy](https://github.com/ljwolf/cenpy) - A Python library for exploring and querying the US Census API and returning Pandas DataFrames.

## General tools for working with data
- [saulpw/visidata](https://github.com/saulpw/visidata) - A terminal spreadsheet multitool for discovering and arranging data. (It's basically a Swiss Army chainsaw for manipulating tabular data.)

## Contribute

Please contribute things that could be useful to others using [WPRDC ](https://www.wprdc.org)[data](https://data.wprdc.org), including scripts for data cleaning or analyzing data, Jupyter notebooks for particular datasets, and tools for manipulating and visualizing the data.

Commit message:

Add Don Musa's 311-data article

README.md, after:

# list-of-WPRDC-relevant-tools-and-analyses
List of WPRDC-relevant tools and data analyses. 

## Tools
- [WPRDC Property Dashboard](http://tools.wprdc.org/property-dashboard/) - The Regional Data Center's Property Dashboard integrates data from multiple data sources and provides it all in one place. We're happy to announce that the beta version of the tool is now live, and we built it in-house. 
- [WPRDC's Parcels n'at](http://tools.wprdc.org/parcels-n-at/) - Parcels n'at allows you to pull a variety of data by neighborhood, municipality, or even for a user-defined area using some of the embedded drawing tools. 

## Data analyses

### 311 Data
- [conorotompkins/pittsburgh_311](https://github.com/conorotompkins/pittsburgh_311) - Conor Tompkins' R-based analaysis of [Pittsburgh's 311 data](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/311-data).
- [The Use of 311 Requests as a Measure of Neighborhood Conditions in the City of Pittsburgh](https://ucsur.pitt.edu/files/peq/peq_2017-03.pdf) - An article reporting on the analysis of [Pittsburgh's 311 data](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/311-data), by UCSUR's own Don Musa, published in UCSUR's PEQ (Pittsburgh Economic Quarterly).
### Fatal Accidental Overdoses Data
- [conorotompkins/allegheny_overdoses](https://github.com/conorotompkins/allegheny_overdoses) - Conor Tompkins' R-based analaysis of the [County Fatal Accidental Overdoses data](https://data.wprdc.org/dataset/allegheny-county-fatal-accidental-overdoses).
### Crime Data
- [conorotompkins/pgh-crime](https://github.com/conorotompkins/pgh-crime) - Conor Tompkins' R-based analysis of [https://data.wprdc.org/dataset?q=crime&sort=views_recent+desc](Pittsburgh crime data).

## Other data sources

### Tools
- [ljwolf/cenpy](https://github.com/ljwolf/cenpy) - A Python library for exploring and querying the US Census API and returning Pandas DataFrames.

## General tools for working with data
- [saulpw/visidata](https://github.com/saulpw/visidata) - A terminal spreadsheet multitool for discovering and arranging data. (It's basically a Swiss Army chainsaw for manipulating tabular data.)

## Contribute

Please contribute things that could be useful to others using [WPRDC ](https://www.wprdc.org)[data](https://data.wprdc.org), including scripts for data cleaning or analyzing data, Jupyter notebooks for particular datasets, and tools for manipulating and visualizing the data.
